README.md, before:

# beat_bruteforcer
Goodn't Tag, H4CK3r5! The 5QU1D is typing...
As you all know by now, the evil corporation ClosedAI has taken over the world with assistance from Artificial Intelligence.
Whoever manages to infiltrate and take down the mainframe will save the world and become a legend within us 1337 H4CK3r5.
Yesterday, the N008 finally did something useful for once and figured out the bizarre login scheme of the system.
For some reason, it consists of multiple layers of Hangman games! Are they bloody mocking us or something!?
To make things worse, leaked memos from Gooble say that they've been pen-testing the system with bruteforcer machines.
They must be stopped before the security is upgraded to something more reasonable! (We can't do sh!t about 4096-bit RSA)
The Cr4CK3r has generously created the training program I've included. Git Gud and be ready to take down ClosedAI next week!

(Yes, I embedded dictionary into binary. I even made script to automate process. Deal with it. - da Cr4CK3r)

## Running
The binary is built using [Cosmopolitan Libc](https://justine.lol/cosmopolitan/index.html).
Basically, it can build tiny CLI programs which run on pretty much anything with x86 (ARM? ya gonna need emulation for that).
Linux users: You may need to run `bash ./beat_bruteforcer.com` or `bash -c './beat_bruteforcer.com'` as the binary needs to be interpreted as a shell script.

Check out the [APE format](https://justine.lol/ape.html) and the [Libc repo](https://github.com/jart/cosmopolitan) for details on how this black magic works.

## Building on Linux
1. Clone this repo.
1. Download and extract [Cosmopolitan Libc](https://justine.lol/cosmopolitan/download.html) to the directory (tiny is perferred).
1. Run `make` and the binaries should be made.

## Greetz
- jart, for the amazing [Cosmopolitan Libc](https://justine.lol/cosmopolitan/index.html).
- [Caldera International Inc.](https://github.com/jart/cosmopolitan/blob/master/examples/hangman.c), whose Hangman code was "referenced".
- mrdziuban, for the [dictionary](https://github.com/mrdziuban/Hangman/blob/master/dictionary.txt).


### Delet this b4 sending ya doofus
The scenario is a joke. Any resemblances to existing entities or events are "totally" unintentional.

Commit message:

Update readme with repo link

README.md, after:

# beat_bruteforcer
Goodn't Tag, H4CK3r5! The 5QU1D is typing...
As you all know by now, the evil corporation ClosedAI has taken over the world with assistance from Artificial Intelligence.
Whoever manages to infiltrate and take down the mainframe will save the world and become a legend within us 1337 H4CK3r5.
Yesterday, the N008 finally did something useful for once and figured out the bizarre login scheme of the system.
For some reason, it consists of multiple layers of Hangman games! Are they bloody mocking us or something!?
To make things worse, leaked memos from Gooble say that they've been pen-testing the system with bruteforcer machines.
They must be stopped before the security is upgraded to something more reasonable! (We can't do sh!t about 4096-bit RSA)
The Cr4CK3r has generously created the training program I've included. Git Gud and be ready to take down ClosedAI next week!

(Yes, I embedded dictionary into binary. I even made script to automate process. Deal with it. - da Cr4CK3r)

## Running
The binary is built using [Cosmopolitan Libc](https://justine.lol/cosmopolitan/index.html).
Basically, it can build tiny CLI programs which run on pretty much anything with x86 (ARM? ya gonna need emulation for that).
Linux users: You may need to run `bash ./beat_bruteforcer.com` or `bash -c './beat_bruteforcer.com'` as the binary needs to be interpreted as a shell script.

Check out the [APE format](https://justine.lol/ape.html) and the [Libc repo](https://github.com/jart/cosmopolitan) for details on how this black magic works.

## Building on Linux
1. Clone [the repo](https://github.com/TakuikaNinja/beat_bruteforcer).
1. Download and extract [Cosmopolitan Libc](https://justine.lol/cosmopolitan/download.html) to the directory (tiny is perferred).
1. Run `make` and the binaries should be made.

Note: There is currently an issue where binaries built with the latest GCC causes them to crash on Windows. Sorry.

## Greetz
- jart, for the amazing [Cosmopolitan Libc](https://justine.lol/cosmopolitan/index.html).
- [Caldera International Inc.](https://github.com/jart/cosmopolitan/blob/master/examples/hangman.c), whose Hangman code was "referenced".
- mrdziuban, for the [dictionary](https://github.com/mrdziuban/Hangman/blob/master/dictionary.txt).


### Delet this b4 sending ya doofus
The scenario is a joke. Any resemblances to existing entities or events are "totally" unintentional.
